Josh:	hi, this is the assignment 3 overview video for group 1. My name's Josh

James:	my name's James

Linda:	and my name's Linda

Josh:	this video will be in four parts, the first being an open-forum
	discussion of the general design choices that we made and the challenges
	that we met, along with a quick demo of the game. We're then going to
	split up and each make a short video talking more in-depth about the
	specifics of the code, with each of us discussing the part that we're
	most familiar with.

	So first let's start up the game and show you how it works. The game
	opens to a start screen which gives you some information on the controls
	and prompts you to hit space to play, which I'll do now. This probably
	all looks familiar and boring to you, so I won't spend too long on it,
	you fly the ship, you shoot the asteroids, they split up. When you reach
	the edge of the screen your ship will wrap around, and so do the asteroids
	and shots. When you collide with a hazard, the ship respawns with that
	blue shield indicator to let you know that you've got some invulnerability
	frames. The HUD in the upper-left corner displays the current score and
	the remaining lives. When you hit P the game will pause, P again unpauses.
	Every frame there's a random chance that the UFO will spawn, he moves from
	left to right and shoots rounds at you which move slowly but home in.
	When you destroy all of the asteroids in a round, a new round begins with
	more asteroids than the previous round. The game over screen prompts the
	player to either play again or quit the game.
	
	So now we'll talk about some of the general design choices that we made.
	We decided to use PVectors to represent a lot of the information in the
	game, because it's really convenient to be able to refer to x and y
	coordinates in the code. There were some issues figuring out what can
	and can't be done with different datatypes, but once we got over those
	hurdles the use of PVectors really helped with the readability of our
	code.

James:	Since we needed to store a lot of the same types of information for
	asteroids and shots, we decided to use arrays to store a lot of the
	variables in the program. We can see where we've declared our variables
	on-screen that we used PVector arrays and float arrays to store different
	types of data which are accessed by the program, including position and
	velocity of asteroids and shots, as well as asteroid sizes and shot decay
	timers. We'll go into this in more depth in later parts to this video.

Linda:	For the aesthetics of the game we decided to stick to the simple old-school
	atari style, and we think it looks pretty good. We made the game fullscreen
	and made sure to scale everything so that it would look good on a variety of
	aspect ratios. The start screen that you saw was a PNG image, because we
	found that looked quite a bit better than drawing text to the screen.

Josh:	That about wraps up the first part of this video, so we'll see you in parts
	2-4 when we go more in-depth with the code - see you then!

all say goodbye to the lovely viewers